README.md, before:

# RedashClient
This is an Android application used to display dashboards in Redash.
This project is under developing and is considered to be a beta version.

## What's Redash?
[Redash](https://redash.io/) is an open source business intelligence tool for visualizing data.

## How to use
1. Set up your own instance or Redash is runnning [demo instance](https://demo.redash.io/). :tada:
1. Register to the web app with any Google account.
1. Go to settings page and get API key.(You need it when you register the mobile app.)
1. Run the mobile app and enter instance URL and your API key.(Proxy server is optional.)
1. Tap the menu icon at the top left, then select **Add dashboard**.
1. Enter dashboard's **slug** which appears as part of the URL.
1. Once you enter the URLs and API keys, your settings will be stored in the app. If you delete the app, your login data will be deleted as well.

## Screen shots
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544095/7582d2b2-449b-11e7-8ac4-3a5dd3bc2a99.png" width="15%"/>
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544100/75a48722-449b-11e7-9462-961ca248a147.png" width="15%"/>
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544097/759a6986-449b-11e7-910a-2a2e817f9d71.png" width="15%"/>
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544099/759c620e-449b-11e7-8ebe-cbb237d27b32.png" width="15%"/>
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544098/759aea32-449b-11e7-926c-0e4de8caa7f0.png" width="15%"/>

Commit message:

Add a link to Google Play.

README.md, after:

# RedashClient
This is an Android application used to display dashboards in Redash.
This project is under developing and a public beta version is available at [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bambina.dashboardViewer).

## What's Redash?
[Redash](https://redash.io/) is an open source business intelligence tool for visualizing data.

## How to use
1. Set up your own instance or Redash is runnning [demo instance](https://demo.redash.io/). :tada:
1. Register to the web app with any Google account.
1. Go to settings page and get API key.(You need it when you register the mobile app.)
1. Run the mobile app and enter the instance URL and your API key.(Proxy server is optional.)
1. Tap the menu icon at the top left, then select **Add dashboard**.
1. Enter dashboard's **slug** which appears as part of the URL.
1. Once you enter the URLs and API keys, your settings will be stored in the app. If you delete the app, your login data will be deleted as well.

## Screen shots
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544095/7582d2b2-449b-11e7-8ac4-3a5dd3bc2a99.png" width="15%"/>
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544100/75a48722-449b-11e7-9462-961ca248a147.png" width="15%"/>
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544097/759a6986-449b-11e7-910a-2a2e817f9d71.png" width="15%"/>
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544099/759c620e-449b-11e7-8ebe-cbb237d27b32.png" width="15%"/>
<img align="left" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1127955/26544098/759aea32-449b-11e7-926c-0e4de8caa7f0.png" width="15%"/>
